Machien Tongues 16: Genetic Algorithms and their Application to FM Matching Synthesis
	Article presents a genetic algorithm-based technique to optimized parameters for timbre reconstruction through FM synthesis. Typically done by hand. Best results obtained by using invariant modulation indices and a multiple carrier formant FM synthesis model.
	Background:
		FM synthesis is a very efficient but difficult to control technique for generating interesting sounds
		Emulation of acoustic musical instruments via trial-and-error FM dates back to Chowning's original paper
		Chowning's original paper gave a variety of parameters for classical instruments and in 1980 a soprano voice
		Dexter Morrill's study of FM trumpet tones followed Chowning's
		Justice analyzed spectrum to automatically generate FM parameters from FM-produced tones
		This study uses GA's to optimize parameters for instrument estimation.
		Like several previous investigators, we use a synthesis model consisting of a single modulator and multiple parallel carriers. The parameters matched consist of the frequencies and amplitudes of the modulator and carriers. Currently, the matching synthesis technique works for an arbitrary tone having harmonic partials.
		Figure 1 in this paper should be very useful for reference
	FM Synthesis:
		General equation for single-modulator/single-carrier frequency modulation is:
			x(t) = w(t)*sin(2*pi*INTEGRAL(f_c(t)*dt) + I(t) * sin(2*pi*INTEGRAL(f_m(t)*dt)))
			where w is time-varying amplitude, f_c is carrier frequency, f_m is modulation frequency, and I is the modulation index, each of which can be time varying
			if f_c and f_m are related by a rational multipler, a harmonic tone results
	Short time spectrum analysis:
		Basic assumption the authors make about any original signal is that it can be represented by a sum of sine waves with time-varying amplitudes and frequencies.
		Usual method of fitness is a fixed filter bank approach where bandpass filters are centered on the harmonics of an analysis frequency which approximates the mean of f_1(t). In this method, the filter outputs give real and imaginary parts which are converted into amplitudes and phases by right triangle solution.
		In other cases where frequency deviations are huge, they used an extension of the McAulay-Quatieri analysis technique which is capable of tracking severe changes in pitch.
		Since this method is not inherently restriccted to harmonics, harmonic frequencies must be interpreted from the data fro the peaks. They do this by first estimating the fundamental frequency as a function of time from the MQ spectral data and sort this data into the appropriate harmonic bins.
	Genetic Algorithms:
		Used binary tournament selection
		
